README.md, before:

# Snowballer
Snowballer tool automates snowball literature searches

## Reference documentation
- [OpenAlex works filters](https://docs.openalex.org/api-entities/works/filter-works)
- [Paging](https://docs.openalex.org/how-to-use-the-api/get-lists-of-entities/paging)
- [Search works](https://docs.openalex.org/api-entities/works/search-works)

## Algorithm
1. Get work entity ID(s)
   1. Hard-code in `control.py`?
   1. Load from an external file?
   1. Search?
1. Determine the desired number of degrees of separation from seed articles
   1. Create infrastructure for looping next top-level step at different degrees of separation
1. For each entity ID
   1. Get works cited by the entity (`cited_by` filter)
      1. Short query to get the number of works (see `meta` > `count` field)
      1. Loop to get all works
   1. Get works that cite the entity (`cites` filter) -- repeat steps under parallel entry above
1. Deduplicate works
   1. Load results
   1. Merge results
   1. Keep unique entries (where entire row is not duplicated)

## Sample calls
- Seed article: `https://openalex.org/W3125944002`
- Title search: `https://api.openalex.org/works?filter=title.search:Does-the-stock-market-fully-value-intangibles`
- Cited by: `https://api.openalex.org/works?filter=cited_by:W3125944002`
- Cites: `https://api.openalex.org/works?filter=cites:W3125944002`

Commit message:

Update README procedure
Added detail for searching identifiers. Updated to reflect updates previously made to the code.

README.md, after:

# Snowballer
Snowballer tool automates snowball literature searches

## Reference documentation
- [OpenAlex works filters](https://docs.openalex.org/api-entities/works/filter-works)
- [Paging](https://docs.openalex.org/how-to-use-the-api/get-lists-of-entities/paging)
- [Search works](https://docs.openalex.org/api-entities/works/search-works)

## Algorithm
1. Get work entity ID(s)
   1. Current: Hard-code in `control.py`
   1. Desired: Search using the [OpenAlex web interface](https://openalex.org/)
	  1. Export results to CSV or save to CSV manually -- need to provide user instructions
	  1. Load identifiers from CSV file
1. Set the degrees of separation from seed articles to results
	1. Input the maximum desired degrees for cites and cited_by (independently)
	1. Encode for processing
1. For each entity ID
   1. Get works (cites or cited_by)
      1. Short query to get the number of works (see `meta` > `count` field)
      1. Loop to get all works
   1. Repeat for cites and/or cited_by as specified by degrees of separation step
1. Deduplicate works
   1. Load results
   1. Merge results
   1. Keep unique entries (where entire row is not duplicated)

## Sample calls
- Seed article: `https://openalex.org/W3125944002`
- Title search: `https://api.openalex.org/works?filter=title.search:Does-the-stock-market-fully-value-intangibles`
- Cited by: `https://api.openalex.org/works?filter=cited_by:W3125944002`
- Cites: `https://api.openalex.org/works?filter=cites:W3125944002`
